alright guys so I'm on a roll today I am
filming my second video for today this
video is super fun and I've been really
looking forward to doing this with you
guys I'm Ariel Christian and I decided
or aerial here on YouTube you guys all
network for sure because I talk about
her all the time um we decided to do an
ugly christmas sweater swap and i just
came back from the folks office and
picked up the ugly christmas sweater
that ariel just sent me and i'm about to
open it here on camera so basically what
we did is i did an ugly christmas
sweater set it to her in Miami she did
an ugly christmas sweater sends it to me
in montreal and now it's gonna be you
guys who decide who made the ugliest
Christmas sweater for the other person
so we're doing an ugly Christmas part
but I can't speak to it we are doing an
ugly christmas sweater contest between
the two of us and you guys are the
judges basically so you guys will get to
see a little bit of how we made this and
everything let me just insert the clip
right here so you guys can see what was
behind us making these sweaters
basically the behind the scenes
alright though i just opened my package
here it's the first time I'm opening it
i literally just busted through it the
second and I'm pulling it out oh girl
she went Craig Craig okay so there's a
card says mal oh my god she's totally
gonna win this is amazing ok so I'm
going to read this one out because I
think this is a good one Mel I hope the
sweater is ugly enough haha had such a
blast creating this arrow cristiana
Couture piece for you I love it this was
honestly the best challenge idea ever
the overall theme of the sweaters
Christmas explosion other than that it
can I can't really explain it I hope you
have a half a holiday season has aerial
ok so let me show you guys think oh my
god she's totally gonna win this is next
level oh ok guys this is amazing oh my
god so she did a red swatch holy crap
she did fringe ok I'm going to flip this
camera off and I'm going to go put it on
so you guys can see what it looks like
on alright guys so I am back with my
Christmas explosion theme sweater by
Ariel so let me zoom you into a few of
the details so you guys can see what is
going on this is amazing ok so the back
is so the base of a red sweatshirt and
it's simple at the back party at the
front so alright so here you have a
Christmas tree that is decorated with
candy canes and little sparkles with
little pom-poms oh my god this is
amazing with a big star on top up here
at the neckline you have your Christmas
bows with a bunch of Christmas
rhinestones oh my god you have more bows
here at the shoulder oh my god Ariel
you've won this this is amazing I have a
penguin on my left boob with another
pom-pom right here then I have some
fringe detail might say that this is
like my actual favorite detail because I
love fringe and I got some Christmas
balls going down the arm with more bows
more bows and some more fabulous
pom-poms going on when you go to the
other side here oh my god it says no
it's monogrammed this is amazing okay so
mal is right here on my right boob with
more bows on my right boob and more
sparkles on this sleeve you have some
fabulous chic pom-poms look there's one
of my hairs and some more bows and of
course the matching fringe detail on the
other arm so so chic and so silent all
Paris with the fringe all right so now
at the bottom oh my god there's a little
horse under the Christmas tree and there
is another little ribbon at the bottom
sorry guys I'm wearing leggings and more
bows oh my god Ariel you kill this oh my
God look look there's a Christmas sock
over here this is awesome and some pipe
what are those called oh my God look at
this another bow Ariel this is no joke
Ariel I literally feel like I'm in a
jiggly Christmas ball right now like I
make noise this is amazing okay so guys
you have seen the overall ab area oh I
dropped a pompom fell okay wait will let
me lean it back on the tree like there
you go so you have seen Ariel's
Christmas sweater for me so you have the
front let's do a 360 here so you guys
can see what it looks like all around
here is Ariel's I've
Christmas sweater I'm literally obsessed
with this challenge so you guys have to
vote below write your comments who is
the winner I will also put a link to
Ariel's channel so you guys can go see
what I made her mine i think is a
different type of theme I don't know if
why this is ugly as hers I think Ariel
might have gotten me with the holiday
Christmas sweater explosion i love this
so thank you so much ariel for doing
this if you guys don't already follow
Ariel go check her out she's one of my
absolute favorite youtubers here on here
on YouTube and she's like literally the
funnest person so I hope you guys go
check her out and don't forget to vote
below in the comments section just right
aerial or Melissa and we'll we'll tally
up who wins we're not doing this for
prize or anything we're just doing this
for fun we thought it would be something
that you guys would enjoy with the
holiday season so I hope you guys
enjoyed this video don't forget to come
to resubscribe and vote below so we will
see you soon guys bye